MAGENTO2-392 (#47)
shopgate/cart-integration-magento2-base: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- support for including customer data in cart validation by exposing the getCustomer method in checkCart

> - return address custom fields in call to get customer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- export custom attributes as extra fields with customer and customer address data
```
